Track call support for RETL (#980)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/reverse-etl/common-settings/importing-data-using-tables.mdx

## Data import settings

The settings to import and sync data from your warehouse table are listed below:

<img src="../../../assets/warehouse-actions-sources/data-import-settings-2.png" alt="Data import settings in RudderStack" />
<img src="../../../assets/warehouse-actions-sources/data-import-settings-3.png" alt="Data import settings in RudderStack" />

- **Schema**: Specify your warehouse schema.
- **Table**: Specify the table residing in the above schema from which you want RudderStack to import the data.
- **Sync mode**: Select the sync mode that RudderStack should use to sync your data. For more information on these modes, refer to the <Link to="/sources/reverse-etl/common-settings/sync-modes/">Sync Modes</Link> guide.
- **Primary Key**: Select a column from the table specified above to uniquely identify your records in the warehouse.

<div class="infoBlock">
RudderStack uses the primary key column for diffing in case of incremental syncs. You can generate it using either of the following ways:
<ul>
<li>Generating your table with a primary key</li>
OR
<li>Creating a table view</li>
</ul>

> The best combination for a primary key is the <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> and <code class="inline-code">user_id</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best combination for a primary key is the event's <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> and <code class="inline-code">userId</code>.
```

> The best combination for a primary key is the <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> and <code class="inline-code">user_id</code>.

Reviewer: @vyeshwanth quick question for my understanding - `timestamp` and `user_id` are the warehouse column names, right?
